`Table` - New sorting and tooltip documentation update (#1871)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/table/partials/code/component-api.md

      <C.Property @name="sortingFunction" @type="function">
        Callback function to provide support for custom sorting logic. It should implement a typical bubble-sorting algorithm using two elements and comparing them. For more details, see the example of custom sorting in the How To Use section.
      </C.Property>
      <C.Property @name="tooltip" @type="string">

>         Text string which will appear in the tooltip (see [`Tooltip`](/components/tooltip) for details). May contain basic HTML tags for formatting text such as `strong` and `em` tags. Not intended for multi-paragraph text or other more complex content. May not contain interactive content such as links or buttons. The `placement` and `offset` are automatically set and can't be overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Text string which will appear in the tooltip (see [`Tooltip`](/components/tooltip) for details). May contain basic HTML tags for formatting text such as `strong` and `em` tags. Not intended for multi-paragraph text or other more complex content. May not contain interactive content such as links or buttons. The `placement` and `offset` are automatically set and can’t be overwritten.
```

  <C.Property @name="width" @type="string" @valueNote="Any valid CSS">
    If set, determines the column’s width.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="tooltip" @type="string">

>     Text string which will appear in the tooltip (see [`Tooltip`](/components/tooltip) for details). May contain basic HTML tags for formatting text such as `strong` and `em` tags. Not intended for multi-paragraph text or other more complex content. May not contain interactive content such as links or buttons. The `placement` and `offset` are automatically set and can't be overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Text string which will appear in the tooltip (see [`Tooltip`](/components/tooltip) for details). May contain basic HTML tags for formatting text such as `strong` and `em` tags. Not intended for multi-paragraph text or other more complex content. May not contain interactive content such as links or buttons. The `placement` and `offset` are automatically set and can’t be overwritten.
```

  <C.Property @name="width" @type="string" @valueNote="Any valid CSS">
    If set, determines the column’s width.
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="tooltip" @type="string">

>     Text string which will appear in the tooltip (see [`Tooltip`](/components/tooltip) for details). May contain basic HTML tags for formatting text such as `strong` and `em` tags. Not intended for multi-paragraph text or other more complex content. May not contain interactive content such as links or buttons. The `placement` and `offset` are automatically set and can't be overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Text string which will appear in the tooltip (see [`Tooltip`](/components/tooltip) for details). May contain basic HTML tags for formatting text such as `strong` and `em` tags. Not intended for multi-paragraph text or other more complex content. May not contain interactive content such as links or buttons. The `placement` and `offset` are automatically set and can’t be overwritten.
```
